we're tracking another mass shooting in
the United States four people were
killed and multiple others wounded
during an attack in Alabama late last
night CNN's Isabel Rosales who's in the
city of Dadeville where the shooting
happened so Isabelle thank you for
joining us what more can you tell us
yeah good afternoon to you Hillary this
is Dadeville a small tight-knit
community of just 3 000 people it's just
45 miles Northeast of Montgomery Alabama
and out here in the downtown area you
can see it's still pretty active we have
a yellow police tape blocking off the
immediate area by this venue behind me
where the shooting happened this brick
building is a dance studio we are told
by a witness a sweet 16th birthday party
was happening here just yesterday after
10 30 p.m we're told by law enforcement
is when the shots ring out that shooting
occurred we are told by officers that so
far four people are confirmed dead and a
quote multitude of injuries have
happened but very important to hear
Hillary there is no Public Safety
concern at this time that is what the
Alabama Law Enforcement Agency is saying
however they are not releasing details
as to who this shooter is and whether
they have been apprehended I did speak
with a pastor here a senior pastor for
the church Dr Ben Hayes who's also the
chaplain for the police department and a
chaplain for the local High School's
football team so he's at the
intersection of a lot of information
here in the community and he told me
that he got that call last night from
the police chief asking him to go to the
hospital where those hurt survivors are
being sent to he went there and consoled
students who were so frightened by what
had happened what they witnessed in
front of them and parents of the victims
he said that they were just shocked he
was taken aback by the lack of Tears he
says that they were numb to this
situation seemingly unable to process
what they witnessed he also told me
Hayes told me that he knew one of the
victims one of those four victims he
says was a football player for the local
high school we do know from the
superintendent here in the district that
they will be bringing in counselors to
help these children go through this
grieving process us and understand what
happened here we do also know that over
in the nation's capital the White House
tells us that President Biden has been
briefed as to this shooting the White
House is closely monitoring the
situation and has been in touch with
local officials and law enforcement
offering their support and Hillary if I
can also say that this the U.S has
suffered at least 162 mass shootings in
the first 15 weeks of 2023 that is an
average of one and a half mass shootings
per day this happening on the same day
over in Louisville Kentucky where shots
were fired into a crowd at a park
killing two and injuring four so so many
questions here in this community about
what happened here but frankly in the
nation overall wondering why this
continues to happen day after day hello
some staggering numbers Isabel but we do
appreciate this update from you thank
you for all of this that was CNN's
Isabel Rosales for us in Dadeville
Alabama